feat: Update the GitHub setup flow to include the deployment detection strategy PUL-1602 (#190)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/one-click-integrations/github-integration.md

1.  On Pulse, [expand **Integrations** and select **GitHub**](https://app.pulse.codacy.com/integrations/github){: target="_blank"}.

1.  Click **Install GitHub App** and follow the instructions on the GitHub UI to install the app on your **organization**.

    ![Installing the Pulse GitHub App](images/github-installing.png)

1.  Choose the strategy to detect deployments that best fits your workflows. See the [section below](#deployment-detection-strategy) for a detailed description of each option.<!--TODO: Update image-->

    ![Choosing a deployment detection strategy](images/github-strategy.png)

1.  Click **Complete setup**.

1.  Wait until you get a confirmation that Pulse successfully created the integration and the webhook on GitHub.<!--TODO: Confirm message and update image-->

    ![Pulse GitHub integration set up successfully](images/github-ok.png)

    If there is an error please [contact support](mailto:pulsesupport@codacy.com).

## Automatic deployment detection strategies {: id="deployment-detection-strategy"}

The following is a detailed description of how the Pulse GitHub integration automatically detects deployment using each detection strategy:

> ### Use merged pull requests (based on default branch)

Reviewer: I think the default meant that this is the default strategy 😁

Author: Hummm... I used the name of the option on the UI, according to the [mockup](https://www.figma.com/file/qWJnZBS0q3YRwrQXMyRwGh/%5BPUL-623%5D-Semantic-Versioning-historical-import?node-id=1%3A171&t=MYpjL5fwdnAXLQdX-0). 
I can remove the "default" part here, if it's confusing. WDYT?

Author: @mrfyda After all, in the development environment we have "(default)" (which is different from the mockup). I left a comment for @nadiia-balaian [in Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/qWJnZBS0q3YRwrQXMyRwGh?node-id=1842:10086#366964241). 🙏

## Setting up the GitHub integration

!!! note
    -   You can only install the Pulse GitHub App on an **organization** and not on your personal account.
    -   [See below](#gh-permissions) the permissions that Pulse requires from your GitHub account.

To set up the GitHub integration:

1.  On Pulse, [expand **Integrations** and select **GitHub**](https://app.pulse.codacy.com/integrations/github){: target="_blank"}.

1.  Click **Install GitHub App** and follow the instructions on the GitHub UI to install the app on your **organization**.

    ![Installing the Pulse GitHub App](images/github-installing.png)

> 1.  Confirm that Pulse successfully created the integration and the webhook on GitHub. If there is an error please [contact support](mailto:pulsesupport@codacy.com).

Reviewer 2: A couple suggestions here:
* By "integration" are we referring to the GitHub app here? If so, we can reword to clarify that.
* I also added links.

```suggestion
1.  Confirm that Pulse successfully [installed the app](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-programmatic-access-to-your-organization/reviewing-your-organizations-installed-integrations) and created the [webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/about-webhooks) on GitHub. If there is an error please [contact support](mailto:pulsesupport@codacy.com).
```

Author: Thanks, @nicklem! Excellent feedback. 👍

-   Pulse associates all GitHub teams of the person who creates a Git tag with the corresponding deployment, excluding teams with less than two members. Pulse only takes changes to GitHub teams into account on Git tags created after those changes.

> ### Use the CLI or API (don't detect deployments automatically)

Reviewer: 💪
